hey everyone my name is Howie 10 sledder
River as some of you might know me from
the internet I'm a cartoonist and I'm
from Vietnam I started this campaign to
raise money for my second personal ad
book the 2012 out of how how splendid
river this book is a collection of the
best illustrations of mind during the
last year in full color and printed on
46 pages you'll see my fanart my
illustrations my personal projects my
comics and quick sketches plus a lot of
exclusive pieces that I've never posted
and I never will this book will be
softcover perfect bound with high
quality glass paper 10 by 8 inches
landscape and a perfect collection of my
artwork I couldn't be more proud of this
book let me introduce you to the cartoon
world that surrounds me wherever I go
documented on my schedule that I carry
everywhere waiting for my minds to find
its inspiration I view the world in
shapes and silhouettes finding the
better-looking proportion and letting
myself loose with the most dynamic lines
of action and never fearing the craziest
ideas that my mind can think of in my
book you'll see some of my assignments
from classes but most of them will be my
own creations the one that I'm most
proud of is the Marcia project which
combines elements from different popular
characters to make the craziest looking
characters besides you'll find a lot of
character designs i did for different
purposes freelance works contests and
redesigns a labor of love comic project
and many many sketchbook drawings that
you will only see the final version in
the 2013 at book thank you so much for
your support and your cousin
you